they're couple things that you have to consider. If you don't qualify
and in various forms, I would break this down into a couple situations.
First, you know whether you qualify or not to get your wings. Um,
if that doesn't happen that often times you might just be redesignated
to a different type of community. Um, if if you have gone your
wings, but then there's a specific qualification that you have to get.
Once you reach your squadron, then you can ask to be redesignated.
But sometimes you're just going to get told that you need to qualify
because you are needed as a person in that bill. It other times you
might be sent to fill another specific job that perhaps they haven't
been able to fill, and you don't get the choice of it. I've seen
all three of those things happen to various people throughout my time
in the Navy